Readme update for deleting caches (#981)
actions/cache: README.md

```
</details>

> ## Deleting caches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Force deletion of caches overriding default cache eviction policy
```

Author: Done

> We can not re-use caches from pull request branches in other branches like main, such caches can eat up the storage quota and hence causing thrashing on more useful branches like main. In order to resolve this issue, we can use [gh-actions-cache cli](https://github.com/actions/gh-actions-cache/) to delete caches. This workflow uses `gh-actions-cache` to delete all the caches created by all the pull requests. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Caches have [branch scope restriction](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/caching-dependencies-to-speed-up-workflows#restrictions-for-accessing-a-cache) in place. This means that if caches for a specific branch are using a lot of storage quota, it may result into more frequently used caches from `default` branch getting thrashed. For example, if there are many pull requests happening on a repo and are creating caches, these cannot be used in default branch scope but will still occupy a lot of space till they get cleaned up by [eviction policy](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/caching-dependencies-to-speed-up-workflows#usage-limits-and-eviction-policy). But sometime we want to clean them up on a faster cadence so as to ensure default branch is not thrashing. In order to achieve this, [gh-actions-cache cli](https://github.com/actions/gh-actions-cache/) can be used to delete caches for specific branches.

 This workflow uses `gh-actions-cache` to delete all the caches created by all the pull requests. 
```

Author: Done

> We can not re-use caches from pull request branches in other branches like main, such caches can eat up the storage quota and hence causing thrashing on more useful branches like main. In order to resolve this issue, we can use [gh-actions-cache cli](https://github.com/actions/gh-actions-cache/) to delete caches. This workflow uses `gh-actions-cache` to delete all the caches created by all the pull requests. 

Reviewer: >This workflow uses `gh-actions-cache` to delete all the caches created by all the pull requests.

IMO this is just an example. Users can create similar other workflows for other cases like feature branch etc. Hence we should call this out as an example. 
We can also think if we want to provide more examples.

```

> name: cleanup-caches

Author: resolved

on:

>   workflow_dispatch

Reviewer: Should we use the "PR close" event as default. 
Also please leave a comment that other triggers like a schedule or a workflow_dispatch for manual cleanup can be used.

Author: added

jobs:
  release:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Check out code
        uses: actions/checkout@v3

      - name: Cleanup
        run: |
          gh extension install actions/gh-actions-cache
          
          REPO=${{ github.repository }}

          echo "Fetching list of cache key"
          ## This will extract out all the cache keys for pull requests

>           cacheKeysForPR=$(gh actions-cache list -R $REPO | grep "refs/pull" | cut -d $'\t'  -f 1 )

Reviewer: Should we only unique cache keys so that we do not try to delete same key again.

Author: Just sticking with -B input rather than grep

>           ## Setting this to not fail the workflow while deleting duplicate cache keys. We can have same cache key for multiple branches based on the cache key generation.

Reviewer: >We can have same cache key for multiple branches based on the cache key generation.

I do not get how this is relevant here. Please elaborate.

Author: Resolved now

          set +e
          echo "Deleting caches..."
          for cacheKey in $cacheKeysForPR
          do

>               gh actions-cache delete $cacheKey -R $REPO --confirm

Reviewer: If I am not wrong, this will delete caches for _any_ branch which is not the intent here.

Author: Added

          done
          echo "Done"
        env:
          GH_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}

> ```

Reviewer: This can be kept in a collapsible section to reduce the length of doc. See L182 for reference.

Author: Done

> ## Known practices and workarounds

Reviewer: I wonder if we should move the new section to `workarounds.md` and leave a cross ref below. And probably rename to `tips-and-workarounds.md`

Reviewer: @t-dedah @pallavx thoughts on this?

Reviewer 2: Can be done, seems like a good use-case that can be linked from `Known practices and workarounds`

Author: I am okay either way

Reviewer: I am in favour as this can be the practice in readme to put any tips in separate file..

Author: Done

```
</details>

## Deleting caches
We can not re-use caches from pull request branches in other branches like main, such caches can eat up the storage quota and hence causing thrashing on more useful branches like main. In order to resolve this issue, we can use [gh-actions-cache cli](https://github.com/actions/gh-actions-cache/) to delete caches. This workflow uses `gh-actions-cache` to delete all the caches created by all the pull requests. 

```
name: cleanup-caches
on:
  schedule:
    - cron: '0 */3 * * *'

jobs:
  release:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Check out code
        uses: actions/checkout@v3

      - name: Cleanup
        run: |
          gh extension install actions/gh-actions-cache
          
          REPO=${{ github.repository }}

          echo "Fetching list of cache key"
          ## This will extract out all the cache keys for pull requests

>           cacheKeysForPR=$(gh actions-cache list -R $REPO | grep "refs/pull" | cut -d $'\t'  -f 1 )

Reviewer 3: So this will list caches generated by all PR branches, let's say active PRs too? Which means active PRs will have to build their program from scratch every time this job runs.

Instead should we try something like deleting cache only for the PR that is closed or merged?

Author: The workflow is a sample workflow to provide information on how to delete caches using gh-actions-cache, users are free to modify this based on their specific case.

This workflow uses `gh-actions-cache` to delete all the caches created by a branch. 
<details>
  <summary>Example</summary>

```yaml
name: cleanup caches by a branch
on:
  pull_request:
    types:
      - closed
  workflow_dispatch:

jobs:
  cleanup:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Check out code
        uses: actions/checkout@v3

      - name: Cleanup
        run: |
          gh extension install actions/gh-actions-cache
          
          REPO=${{ github.repository }}

>           BRANCH=${{ github.ref }}

Reviewer: Is this the PR merge ref? or the target/base branch ref?

Reviewer 2: +1 what's the value of BRANCH?

Reviewer 2: As per the [docs](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/contexts#github-context), *for pull requests it is refs/pull/<pr_number>/merge*.

Author: Correct this is for `refs/pull/<pr_number>/merge` not the branch itself.

          echo "Fetching list of cache key"
          cacheKeysForPR=$(gh actions-cache list -R $REPO -B $BRANCH | cut -f 1 )
        

>           set +e

Reviewer: Add a comment for this. I assume this is useful in case deleting a cache fails.

Author: Sure
